Rest for good.
Take care of yourself.
Not from childhood.
For a woman.
Do you still beat Qin Lao Tam's brother like that?
He hit my people.
I know, but the land in Ching Nam is very important.
Good friends beat people's brother for a woman
We lost so much money without saying
The important thing is that the beam is stuck.
He told me.
The land will not give you.
Don't worry, the land in the Southern Citadel I will definitely win.
It's nothing more than going in circles.
Okay, because you have so many breasts.
Then I won't say much.
Better to go further.
Don't worry, he's good.
He works for us.
When he's done paying off the debt.
When to let him go away bother your secretary
Caring for you like that
Tell the truth.
How far have you two grown now?
Comrades leave.
Is it not for your good health?
Forget it.
There's no more pain, Secretary Li.
You can ah
The next year we had a big fight because of you.
Now that you're in our circle, ah, you're already famous.
Okay, aren't you very busy?
Busy with you, right?
Okay, then I won't bother you to talk about love. It's not.
Director General, why don't you explain it to people?
Explain something.